So, in India's population, 11% of people have
diabetes and 36% of people have hypertension.
You will see that this figure has already increased
and will continue to increase in the future because
of sedentary lifestyle. So,
what happens here is that
when you go to buy a health insurance policy for BP and diabetes,
you are given a pre-existing
condition and
asked to serve a waiting period, which is generally 2
years to 3 years (24 months to 36 months).
What happens if the waiting period is
2 years or 3 years, then in that case, if there is
any hospitalization due to these things, then the
claim is not given for 2 years or 3 years.
So, in view of this, insurance
companies have launched some policies where
they are covering diabetes and BP from day one. Diabetes is
inbuilt in some policies.
In some policies, you can get cover by taking an add-on, i.e. rider. We will
talk about all those plans in detail. We will
look at their features,
eligibility criteria,
benefits.  We will see the comparison and
in the end we will also talk about the premium, so
stay till the end of the video, it is going to be a very useful
video. Before starting the video,
I would like to introduce myself.
My name is Gurleen Katik. I
am a Certified Financial Planner. I have been associated
with the insurance industry for the last 19 years
and every week I bring videos for you so that
your insurance
journey becomes easy and happy
because the tagline of our company is also '
Creating a Wealth of Happiness'. So the
plans that we are going to talk about
today, where your BP and diabetes are
covered from the initial days, those
plans are Niva Bappa Health Aspire Aditya
Billa Active One Max Plan ICSA
Lombard Elevate Plan and hdfcergo.com
feature, which has a benefit which is called
Lock the Clock, where your premium does
not get revised according to age until you make a
claim, but it can get
revised according to inflation. Another unique
benefit is Booster Plus Benefit.  Where
your unutilized sum assured is carried forward to the
next year, the maximum is up
to 10x. The third benefit is cash back, where
if you don't make a claim, some
cash back is transferred to your wallet.
Fourth, of course, BP and
diabetes are covered from day one,
for which we have included a disease management rider. The
unique feature of Aditya Bilal Active and Max is that there is
no maximum entry age here; you
can enter this policy at any age. The next unique
feature is the Super Credit option,
where your cover is up to 5x. If you continue the policy, there is
a loyalty bonus
which takes your sum assured to 500.
Further, the unique feature of the ISI Lombard Elevate plan
is that an unlimited sum
assured option is also available here. You can choose a rider.
Here also the maximum entry
age is 125 years, which is also a good thing. The
third benefit is the Power Booster, where
your sum assured increases.  Every year and there
is no maximum limit, it can be increased infinitely. The
fourth
benefit is Jump Start Benefit which we are talking about,
where pre-existing
diseases like BP and diabetes can be
covered from day one. The fourth plan is
our HDFC Ergo Energy Plan, so here
also the plan is unique because
BP and diabetes are being covered from day one. Another
good thing in this plan is
that this plan can be given to insulin dependent people also,
meaning this plan can be given in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Now let's talk about room rent. There is
no limit in Niva Bappa Aspire, you can
choose any room. There is no
room rent limit in Aditya Birla Active and Max also,
you can choose any room.
ISC Lord Elevate has a single
private AC room, you
can upgrade or downgrade the room by modifying the room.
hdfcergo.com There is
no maximum limit in Active One from 18 years  ICC
Lombard Elevate plan also has a
minimum entry age of 18 years and the maximum is 125 years.
HDFC Ergo Energy plan has a
minimum entry age of 18 years and the maximum is 65. The
policy type is individual only.
In other plans of HDFC Ergo Energy plan,
you can also take family floater plans.
Minimum and maximum sum assured:
In Niva B Aspire, the minimum sum assured is Rs
3 lakh and maximum is Rs 1 crore. In Aditya Bilal
Active One Max, the minimum sum assured is Rs
5 lakh and maximum is Rs 6 crore. In ISA Lord
Vette, there is an option of minimum Rs 5 lakh and maximum sum assured is up to
unlimited. You
can also choose unlimited sum assured
from hdfcergo.com. In Aditya Bilal Active One Max,
you are given 100% off sum assured and there is a
super credit option in which
your sum assured goes up to Rs 500. This is
irrespective of claim if you do not claim.  You will
get this benefit only if you take it Wherever Age n
B Aspire, the unutilized sum shot will be carried
forward In Booster Plus,
II Lord has a guaranteed cumulated bonus of 20%
which goes up to a maximum of 100%
In this, if you take Power Booster, then it
is an infinite add-on
You get hdfcergo.com bonus and it will go up to a maximum of 100%
This is with claw back that if you
take a claim, that much will also be reduced
proportionately Day care treatment
Day care treatment is covered in all four plans
Thomas Leary hospitalization
is also covered in all four plans Refill restore benefit Reset
benefit is available in all the plans
Unlimited refill benefit is available in Niva Bappa Aspire, which
means if your sum
shot gets exhausted, then it will be refilled again
equal to base sum shot and this
can happen unlimited number of times in a
year for same and different illnesses Both Aditya
Without Active 1 Max  Unlimited
refill option is also available in ICC Lombard
Elevate Unlimited reset option
is also available in ADAC Ergo Energy
Restore option is available once a year for
any illness Emergency road ambulance is
covered in Niva Bupa Aspire Age per actuals The
actual expenses incurred will be borne by you in Emergency road
ambulance Aditya Birla
Active One Max also has Age per actuals
ICC Lombard Elevate also has Age per
actuals and which is
Domestic Emergency Air
Ambulance is covered in Niva Bupa Aspire
Up to sum shot is not covered in Aditya Birla Active One
Max Your ICSC
is covered in Lombard Elevate Up to ₹ lakh is
covered in ICSC Lombard Elevate and you
can add it through rider Emergency
air ambulance is not inbuilt in ADAC
Ergo Energy So air ambulance is not covered in
IU hospitalization So IU
hospitalization is covered in Niva Bupa
Aspire
Up to sum shot ICSC is covered in Aditya Birla Active One Max
Covered in Lord Elevate up to sum assured
hdfcergo.com AYUSH is not covered Compliances
are covered in Niva BPA Expire from day one You can claim up to Rs.
500 per lakh sum assured If your sum assured is Rs.
10 lakh then you can claim Rs. 5000 If your sum
assured is Rs. 20 lakh then you
can claim up to a maximum of Rs. 10,000 and
this is on a cashless basis
You will have to claim from their list of tests only
This is covered in Aditya Bila Active and Max also
and again it is on a cashless basis
You will have to avail it from their list of tests only
ISC is same in Lord Elevate
Tests will be done on a compliance basis only
Once a year is available in ADAC Ergo Energy You
can avail it immediately After taking the policy,
you are given some tests in ADAC Ergo Energy too There are
two variants Silver and Gold
Tests are decided accordingly
and you can avail them  It is
also called Compliant Step Count Benefit, it
is available in N B Spire up to 30, which
means
you are given a discount according to the number of steps you walk. At the
time of renewal,
100% discount is given in Aditya Vila Active N Max.
Yes, you are given 100% health returns
up to 30 in IC Low Board.
In hdfc0cpdccb Ergo Energy, you can claim 30 days pre and 60 days
post hospitalization expenses.
E-consultation. In Niva Bpa Aspire,
unlimited tele-consultation
is covered in your policy, which you can claim.
You can do tele-consultation with their panel of doctors.
This feature is not available in Aditya Vila Active and Max. You
can add a rider in IC Low Board Elevate for
unlimited tele-consultation.
This feature is not available in HDFC Ergo Energy.
Modern treatments and robotic surgeries
are covered up to in all these four plans.  Some
short non-payable items, then we can add add-ons for this. There
are two add-ons available in Niva B Aspire, Safeguard and Save Guard
Plus. Their list of non-payable items differs.
Your non-payable items
coverage is inbuilt in Aditya Birla Active One Max. In ICSA Lombard Elevate
also, you can
add a rider which is Claim Protector Rider. You can add
for coverage of non-payable items
hdfcergo.com
too. Co-payment is
not available in Niva B Aspire. There is no co-
payment in Aditya Birla Active One Max.
In ICC Lombard you
can add voluntary co-payment through a
rider, which reduces your premium
hdfcergo.com.
Deductible option is not available in Aditya Birla Active One Max. ICC
Lombard is also not available in Elevate
and is also not available in ADAC Energy.
Waiting period for pre-aging diseases. Here
we will talk about the
waiting period of different variants.  That is three years
in Niva Bupa Aspire and your Aditya Bella
Active One Max has three years,
ICSC Lombard Elevate also has three
years, ADFC Ergo Energy has three
years. Slow growing illnesses, which we
also call specific exclusions, there is a
waiting period of two years. In all four
policies, there is a list of some illnesses
which your insurance policy does not cover in the first two years.
Maternity benefit, so
you can cover maternity benefit in Niva B Aspire.
Here the waiting period is
nine months and the maximum benefit that you are
given is Rs 25,000 for
delivery and newborn baby expenses are
covered up to sum assured.
You cannot add any such benefit in Aditya Birla Active One Max.
You can also add maternity rider in ICSC Lombard Elevate.
Maternity expenses are covered after a waiting period of two years, Rs
10 per sum assured
maximum.  ₹1 lakh is given and the
newborn baby expenses are 2x
of the maternity expenses, so you can claim
double your newborn baby expenses of whatever maternity expenses you have claimed,
you can check hdfcergo.com,
apart from these, if you
want to add, then in nb Aspire there is an optional
rider Cash Back, through which you
get cashback, if you do not claim, it gets
added to your wallet, the second is
Future Ready, you are taking the guarantee that you
want to add your wife
in the policy in the future, you can also take this guarantee
from the insurance company, the third is
Fast Forward, here
you are multiplying your benefits
by 2x and 3x which is your maternity benefit
and some short benefit, then there is
Safeguard and Safeguard Plus, which is to cover non-payable
items, then your right
is Borderless, which we had said is
global coverage if  If you want to take it, you can take borderless
hospital daily cash benefit. If you
want that for every day you
stay in the hospital, then an additional amount should be given to you.
This is also available as a rider.
Smart Health Rider is available, about which
we talked about Disease Management Rider, which
covers BP and diabetes from day one.
Well Consult Rider is available, which is your
OPD Rider. Personal Accidental Cover Rider
is available, where your accidental death
and permanent disability are covered.
Chronic Care is available in Aditya Bil Active and Max,
where ABCD Plus
conditions, which are asthma, BP,
cholesterol, diabetes and obesity, will be
covered from day one. Room modification
is also available. You can change your room category. If you
want to reduce it, you
can reduce it.
Many riders are available in ICICI Lord. If
you want to add durable medical equipment, then
dependent accommodation benefit, annual health
checkup, claim protector, power booster,
infighting
Network advantage means if you want to
go to a preferred partner network hospital then the company gives you some discount
but if you go to any other hospital then you will have to
pay a fee as well, so
choose network advantage wisely.
You can choose nursing at home. You can choose compassionate visit
inflation protector. Your sum assured will
increase every year as per CPI health
inflation. You can take critical illness cover
where a lump sum payout will be made in case
any critical illness is diagnosed.
You can also choose personal accident cover for
accidental death and disability. A jump
start where you can get your pre-existing conditions covered from day one
which we talked about like BP
and diabetes. You can
modify and downgrade the room. You can
choose co-payment which will
reduce your premium and along with it, Be
Fit Rider which is their OPD rider, the
premium of hdfcergo.com is Rs 26000. This is inclusive of
GST on 18th.  Disease Management Rider
where your BP and Diabetes are
covered from day one. Similarly, if we
look at Aditya Billa, the premium for 10 lakh is Rs.
13000 and for 20 lakh is Rs. 17000. This is
with Chronic Care Rider.
In Lord Elevate, it is Rs. 824 and for 20 lakh, the premium
is Rs. 16000. This is with Jump Start Rider. There is
built-in coverage of BP and Diabetes from
day one. So these were the four plans where you
can get your BP and Diabetes covered from day one.
You do not need to serve a waiting period. If
you have any queries regarding these
plans, you can reach out below.
You can reach out to us in the comment section
on our email ID and
contact number. We will be able to help you in this.
And before leaving, tell me on
which I should make the next video. Please give
your thoughts or on whichever topic you want to see the video, please
tell me to make a video on this topic
and a quick reminder.  If
you have not yet subscribed to our channel, do
so, so that you get the right
information at the right time. We will meet
in the next video, till then stay safe and take
care, bye-bye.